HVAC Autosizing Limits (#1584)
NREL/OpenStudio-HPXML: Changelog.md

  - Updates to using G-Functions from the [G-Function Library for Modeling Vertical Bore Ground Heat Exchanger](https://gdr.openei.org/submissions/1325).
  - Updated heating/cooling performance curves to reflect newer equipment.

> - Allows optional `HeatingAutosizingFactor`, `CoolingAutosizingFactor`, `BackupHeatingAutosizingFactor` inputs to scale HVAC equipment autosizing results.
> - Allows optional `HeatingAutosizingLimit`, `CoolingAutosizingLimit`, `BackupHeatingAutosizingLimit` inputs to set capacity ceiling for HVAC equipment autosizing results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Allows optional `HeatingAutosizingFactor`, `CoolingAutosizingFactor`, `BackupHeatingAutosizingFactor` inputs to scale HVAC capacities for autosized equipment.
- Allows optional `HeatingAutosizingLimit`, `CoolingAutosizingLimit`, `BackupHeatingAutosizingLimit` inputs to set maximum HVAC capacities for autosized equipment.
```
